# Evil-Twin-captive-portal-
creation of a malicious rogue Access point

#Evil Twin attack is a malicious technique of setting up a wifi rouge access point impersonating the legitimate AP in order to deceive wireless consumers via eavesdropping wireless consumer’s Wifi Data and stealing their sensitive details . An AP (clone) is designed to look exactly like the  legitimate AP that are already on the network. Hacker configure it (clone) exactly the same way as an existing network i.e. setting up the same SSID and security settings. Deauthentication Wifi attack is carried out by the attacker to the target client, in order to disconnect the user from the current network and thus allowing the client to get connected to the evil twin access point automatically or user gets confused and get connected to the clone AP (social engineering). If attacker does manage wireless evil twin to be installed somewhere close by to user then evil twin could overpower the signal form the legitimate AP and become the primary AP. Once the user is connected to the rouge AP, the attacker can mainly conduct the client’s data traffic to the internet via two different methods. The first method is Evil twin attack using single ISP gateway in which wifi interface card can be used to connect to the legitimate AP where legitimate AP and rogue AP shares the same ISP gateway to pass the wireless consumer traffic to internet. In second method attacker can avoid using the legitimate AP and connect to his own mobile broadband to link the client’s traffic to internet i.e. Evil twin attack using different ISP gateways. In short we can say once victim get connected to the rouge AP, attacker can snoop the user’s data traffic and could even start the man in the middle attack. One can think of implementation of VPN as the solution of Evil twin attack but it is not a complete solution as it is not available for all users and have numerous point of failures. Once connect to clone AP , users may only get to know that they have been attacked after any unauthorised action performed on their behalf.
